README.md, before:

# AWS Organisation Terraform module

Terraform module which creates **Child Accounts** and **SSO permissions assignements** resources on **AWS**. This module is an abstraction of the [terraform-aws-sso](https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-aws-sso) by [@cloudposse](https://github.com/cloudposse).

## User Stories for this module

- AAOps I can create child AWS account for my organization
- AAOps I can give my users rights to all the accounts of my organization

## Prerequisites

- An organization AWS account
- AWS SSO enabled (in the right region)
- In AWS SSO settings, MFA configured
- AWS SSO Groups created

## Usage

```hcl
module "orga" {
  source = "https://github.com/padok-team/terraform-aws-orga"

  accounts = {}

  accounts_assignements = {
    stagging = {
      settlers = ["padok", "dev"],
    },
    prod = {
      settlers = ["padok"],
      watchers = ["dev"]
    }
  }

  permissions_sets = [
    {
      name               = "settlers",
      description        = "Allow Full Access to the account",
      relay_state        = "",
      session_duration   = "",
      tags               = {},
      inline_policy      = "",
      policy_attachments = ["arn:aws:iam::aws:policy/AdministratorAccess"]
    },
    {
      name               = "watchers",
      description        = "Allow ViewOnly access to the account",
      relay_state        = "",
      session_duration   = "",
      tags               = {},
      inline_policy      = "",
      policy_attachments = ["arn:aws:iam::aws:policy/job-function/ViewOnlyAccess"]
    }
  ]
}
```

## Examples

- [AAOps I give my users rights to AWS organization accounts with SSO](examples/example_sso/main.tf)
- [AAOps I create 3 AWS account (staging, preprod, prod) and give my users rights to them with SSO](examples/example_basic/main.tf)

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_permission_sets"></a> [permission\_sets](#module\_permission\_sets) | git::https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-aws-sso.git//modules/permission-sets | 0.6.1 |
| <a name="module_sso_account_assignments"></a> [sso\_account\_assignments](#module\_sso\_account\_assignments) | git::https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-aws-sso.git//modules/account-assignments | 0.6.1 |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_accounts"></a> [accounts](#input\_accounts) | List of accounts to be created | <pre>map(object({<br>    email = string<br>  }))</pre> | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_accounts_assignements"></a> [accounts\_assignements](#input\_accounts\_assignements) | List of assignement between an account within the organization, a permission set and a group. | `map(map(list(string)))` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_permissions_sets"></a> [permissions\_sets](#input\_permissions\_sets) | List of available permission sets | <pre>list(object({<br>    name               = string<br>    description        = string<br>    relay_state        = string<br>    session_duration   = string<br>    tags               = map(string)<br>    inline_policy      = string<br>    policy_attachments = list(string)<br>  }))</pre> | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_accounts_created"></a> [accounts\_created](#output\_accounts\_created) | List of accounts created |
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->

Commit message:

feat: add terraform backend buckets for each created account

README.md, after:

# AWS Organisation Terraform module

Terraform module which creates **Child Accounts** and **SSO permissions assignements** resources on **AWS**. It will also create **Terraform Backend** for Child Accounts. This module is an abstraction of the [terraform-aws-sso](https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-aws-sso) by [@cloudposse](https://github.com/cloudposse).

## User Stories for this module

- AAOps I can create child AWS account with terraform backend for my organization
- AAOps I can give my users rights to all the accounts of my organization

## Prerequisites

- An organization AWS account
- AWS SSO enabled (in the right region)
- In AWS SSO settings, MFA configured
- AWS SSO Groups created

## Usage

```hcl
module "orga" {
  source = "https://github.com/padok-team/terraform-aws-orga"

  accounts = {
    staging = {
      email           = "aws+staging@company.com"
      tf_admin_groups = ["padok"]
    },
    prod = {
      email           = "aws+prod@company.com"
      tf_admin_groups = ["padok"]
    }
  }

  accounts_assignements = {
    stagging = {
      settlers = ["padok", "dev"],
    },
    prod = {
      settlers = ["padok"],
      watchers = ["dev"]
    }
  }

  permissions_sets = [
    {
      name               = "settlers",
      description        = "Allow Full Access to the account",
      relay_state        = "",
      session_duration   = "",
      tags               = {},
      inline_policy      = "",
      policy_attachments = ["arn:aws:iam::aws:policy/AdministratorAccess"]
    },
    {
      name               = "watchers",
      description        = "Allow ViewOnly access to the account",
      relay_state        = "",
      session_duration   = "",
      tags               = {},
      inline_policy      = "",
      policy_attachments = ["arn:aws:iam::aws:policy/job-function/ViewOnlyAccess"]
    }
  ]
}
```

**Warning** : You need to make the terraform apply in two step.
```
# First create only the accounts
terraform apply -target module.orga.aws_organizations_account.this

# Then everythings else
terrform apply
```

## Examples

- [AAOps I give my users rights to AWS organization accounts with SSO](examples/example_sso/main.tf)
- [AAOps I create 3 AWS account (staging, preprod, prod) and give my users rights to them with SSO](examples/example_basic/main.tf)

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_permission_sets"></a> [permission\_sets](#module\_permission\_sets) | git::https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-aws-sso.git//modules/permission-sets | 0.6.1 |
| <a name="module_sso_account_assignments"></a> [sso\_account\_assignments](#module\_sso\_account\_assignments) | git::https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-aws-sso.git//modules/account-assignments | 0.6.1 |
| <a name="module_tf_backends"></a> [tf\_backends](#module\_tf\_backends) | git::https://github.com/padok-team/terraform-aws-terraformbackend | feat/init_module |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_accounts"></a> [accounts](#input\_accounts) | List of accounts to be created | <pre>map(object({<br>    email = string<br>    tf_admin_groups = list(string)<br>  }))</pre> | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_accounts_assignements"></a> [accounts\_assignements](#input\_accounts\_assignements) | List of assignement between an account within the organization, a permission set and a group. | `map(map(list(string)))` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_permissions_sets"></a> [permissions\_sets](#input\_permissions\_sets) | List of available permission sets | <pre>list(object({<br>    name               = string<br>    description        = string<br>    relay_state        = string<br>    session_duration   = string<br>    tags               = map(string)<br>    inline_policy      = string<br>    policy_attachments = list(string)<br>  }))</pre> | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_accounts_created"></a> [accounts\_created](#output\_accounts\_created) | List of accounts created with terraform backend information |
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->
